Hello and welcome back.
Today we'll be uploading our second data set for the scores.
And as you can see I went to super size dot com slash.
Ask you all.
And I went to Section 5 working with data and in here we want to download my skill upload code console
game cells and cancel dates.
So I already downloaded them and uploaded them to my desktop.
So please go ahead.
Close this window open for Microsoft as eschew all Server Management Studio.
Create a new database.
So here's the first thing you can call it whatever you want I'll call it console games.
Just so it's not confusing to me.
So after that click ok wait for it to execute now.
Right click on console games select tasks and from the dropdown menu select import data.
The process is pretty much identical to what we've done for Section 4 but the only difference is that
this time we need to upload two tables at once so make sure to choose flat file source in the file name
browse for CSFB and in here.
Let's first upload console games but.
Open English.
Latin limited nature the text qualifier is set.
Let's check the columns.
Everything looks normal here.
Let's go to advanced select all of them and make sure they're set to 5000 word preview.
Everything looks good.
Everything looks normal.
Select next.
Make sure you select Microsoft all the D-B provider for ask your server sir name.
Everything looks to be all right.
Go ahead click next and make sure to change it to your console games to win the game that you have and
to work with this data just yet.
Click next run immediately wait for it to execute updates on executing.
Just press close.
No you will see a table inside of here.
That's called Raw console games.
Now go ahead and work with the second table first.
Again tasks.
Import data.
The new window will be opened up.
Click next you on how to maximize that.
Select again flat file source file name browse Go ahead look for a CV.
In this case we're going to be working with console dates.
Make sure that TX qualifies sat playing and next come up next.
Everything looks nice.
The only thing in advance.
Make sure to change eröffnung again to five thousand.
So again you don't have to click anything just see preview go ahead.
Next select Microsoft only to be go at like next.
Make sure to change it to raw.
And now we can run it because this one contains a very few rows.
Only about 50 I should run quickly pressed close.
Refresh this.
Now you'll have two neighbors in sight.
So this is the point where you want to open up the Microsoft Word document in which you want to click
Enable editing and it's divided into parts.
As you can see.
This is the first table so there's Go ahead press control-C here run new query so make sure that use
console games meaning console games database create table console games not raw but actual console games
that will be working on later in the course.
And then we're just saying insert into console games everything from raw console games.
So again just avoid any mistakes.
I suggest deleting that and putting in your own table here.
So let's go execute it.
As you can see six rows of data were affected.
We can refresh it see what happens here.
Another should be free tables.
We can go ahead and delete rule.
They will usually not want to do that but because we're only learning it just good to delete it so it
doesn't watery anymore.
Now go back to your office file and copy the second part of the code.
It's a bit different from what you usually see.
Can just run equerry it's a bit different because again it's used console games great table console
dates.
But here we also have update their rock concert dates.
So again if you want to avoid any mistakes just copy this one here.
Sorry if this table here and basically what it does because this continued inside of this table we can
see the columns.
This continued is one the platform was taking of the market and not all gaming platforms were taken
of the market yet.
So there weren't any mistakes.
We just want to set it to now and then we just again inserting it.
If you're afraid to make any mistake just delete this.
Just drag and drop this here.
Executed Ariff things right.
As you can see six rows were affected and then €50 were affected.
So now again if we refresh this we can see that there are refresh this we can see there free tables.
We can go ahead delete this one and now we have two tables ready to go ready to be worked out.
I hope you enjoy this lecture and I'll see you in the next one.